I've been filming the Red Deer near my
home on Exmoor for years and years I
just love them there's such beautiful
animals I'll never get tired of watching
them you know I've learnt about the Red
Deer by stalking them all through the
years and that allows me to get those
wonderful shots when I get over to
Lapland I don't know what to expect with
the reindeer which I've never seen one
before I've only seen them on Christmas
cards but what I would want to do would
be trying to stalk one this could be a
biggest fears for me yeah more underwear
you know you're gonna get every case I'm
really excited about going I've never
had this chance to do something like
this before
there's just one thing I'm not happy
about my big problem is and I've had
this problem for quite a long time I
just don't like flying so I must sneak
two or three drinks somewhere to keep me
calm
I don't like the feeling of being up
there and not in command worries be the
death
I'm taking my wife Julie along with me
she keeps me on the straight and now a
role I don't know how she puts up with
me really yeah why not because they
won't know I'm drinking then fair that's
good huh that made me feel a lot better
doing a bit no oh that's better